imagine this your Roblox game filled
with jaw-dropping assets trees buildings
props that no one else has the secret to
making that happen mastering blender in
this video I'm going to teach you how to
take control of your creative power step
by step even if you've never touched 3D
software before by the end you won't
just understand blender you will feel
Unstoppable because you'll be able to
make anything you want so if you ever
wanted your game to stand out but didn't
know how to make professional quality
assets or maybe blender looked
intimidating with all those buttons and
panels well stick with me and I will
show you why it's not just easy to use
blender it's fun plus we're going to
create something cool together that you
can use in your game immediately so
here's the plan first I'm going to walk
you through downloading and setting up
blender then we're going to break down
the interface so that it feels like
second nature you're going to learn the
essential controls how to create a
simple low poly tree asset and Export it
to Roblox and don't worry I'm going to
keep things straightforward so if you're
serious about leveling up your Roblox
game development skills this is your
sign to go all in let's build something
amazing together all right so first we
got to download blender and the cool
thing about blender is that blender is a
completely free software but it's
incredibly powerful it is one of the
best 3D modeling softwares ever created
and you can make literally anything in
it from the simplest low poly Bush to a
massive Kingdom but for our purposes in
Roblox development we're going to start
by learning how to make simple assets so
let's download blender now go ahead to
blender.org you can click the link in
the top of the description to visit
blender right now and then you're going
to see this and I want you to click
download right below the title of the
latest version don't worry if you're
watching this in the future after
blender 4.3 everything stays 99% the
same and this tutorial is going to work
for you no matter what so click download
then check that it's the right type of
file for your system so for me I'm doing
this on a Mac with apple silicon so it
got my version right but you want to
make sure if it isn't the right version
you can go ahead and click this and you
can grab the correct one for your system
type so go ahead and click download and
it's going to download your system from
there you'll want to open the file that
gets downloaded to your computer and go
through the install process all right so
once you install blender on your system
go into the blender app from there
you're going to see this panel you can
go ahead and click save on this don't
change anything and then you can click
general or you can just click back here
and it'll open a new general file just a
normal blank file you'll see here that
you will have the default Cube spawned
in and selected in blender the default
cube is famous it's a Hallmark of
blender it's something that every model
you start with you're going to see so
let's go over what you can see here so
this area that you can view through is
called the 3D viewport this is your
playground everything you model texture
and tweak happens right here this is
called the outliner think of it a bit
like the Explorer panel in Roblox studio
if you're familiar with it it lists
every object in your scene so that you
can stay organized then we have the
properties panel down here this is where
magic happens materials modifiers and
all the tools you need are right here
then we have the timeline so we won't
use it much today but it's great for
animating if you want to learn how to do
that later look around the interface get
comfortable you don't need to master it
all right now just follow my lead and
piece by piece it will all click in a
place for you so blender is all about
speed and flow so let's lock in the key
commands so first is your middle Mouse
click if you're using a mouse right now
if you go ahead and press and hold the
middle Mouse you're going to look around
the viewport like I am right now if
you're using a trackpad like me on Mac
you can just use two fingers to slide
around next is G so g is how you move
objects or vertices so if you press G
you can go ahead and move this object
around and then click to confirm we can
hit command or control control Z on our
keyboard to undo that now something cool
about blender is that when we hit G and
move we can actually rightclick instead
to cancel the operation and put it back
where it was you'll see that blender has
a lot of these very cool features that
make using it a lot simpler and snappier
than you'd expect it's a very fun
program to use because it's just so easy
and magical so let's continue learning
how to use this amazing piece of
software for ourselves so the next thing
I'm going to show you is the S command s
lets you scale selections up and down
now left click and right click do the
same thing here when you left click it
will confirm and when you rightclick it
will cancel next is R same thing left
click to confirm and rightclick to
cancel the operation so as you're using
the three modes that I just showed you
you'll have times where you find that
using it as it is doesn't really work
how you want okay and don't worry
there's a way to fix this so by default
the way that rotation works is that it
follows where you are looking at it from
in the viewport and this isn't always
what we want right and the same thing
happens for scale scale by default is
uniform right and that also isn't always
what we want and finally move is also
based upon how we're looking looking at
it in the viewport and it's moving on
every axis so what do we do to move
scale or rotate on one axis at a time x
y or Z and also rather than basing it on
where we are positioned in the viewport
well it's very easy so go back to scale
move or rotate you can use any of them
and just click z x or y on your keyboard
and it will move upon any one of those
axes so if you click R and then click Z
it'll move along the z-axis which is up
and down if you click R and then y it'll
move along the Y AIS if you click R and
then X it'll rotate upon the x axis cool
stuff right and this applies to every
single mode so s z and it'll scale on
the z-axis S Y and it'll scale on the y-
AIS so I've shown you the basic ways to
manipulate objects in blender but this
is not everything right you probably are
thinking well if this is all blender is
it's not very good what's the difference
between this and Roblox Studio or my
game engine or whatever I want to use
right well this is not the whole story
okay so blender actually has two main
modes the mode that we are in right now
as you're looking at blender and
following along with me is object mode
okay object mode is where we can kind of
move around objects add in things that
you're going to see up here inside of
the outliner but if we want to edit one
of these individ visual objects we have
to go into edit mode so the way to enter
edit mode is to click tab when you have
an object selected and from there you'll
be able to edit the vertices which are
these little dots right points in 3D
space that's what a verticy is and
you'll also be able to edit the edges
and the faces so I'll show you how to do
that in just a moment but you're
probably getting very excited at this
point because you can see that blender
is very powerful and there's so many
ways that you can use it to create very
unique things and you can experiment
with with different variables in the
equation to kind of make a concoction of
your own blender is just an amazing
program and I can't wait to show you
even more so stick around for the rest
of this video so that you can Master
blender with me one step at a time
because I promise you it will change
your Roblox career forever all right so
the cool thing about the keybinds that I
showed you is that you can use them in
both object mode and edit mode to change
your objects to look how you like so I'm
going to select one verticy and click G
all right and you're going to see that
that it moves but you're going to notice
that you have a lot more power when
you're in edit mode edit mode allows you
to edit individual vertices and add a
lot of detail to your objects that just
isn't possible in object mode all right
let's go over a few important things to
understand about 3D modeling in blender
in the top left you'll see a menu that
lets you select vertex select mode Edge
select mode or face select mode so these
coincide with the keybinds one two and
three on your keyboard so you'll see
that if you click one two or three it'll
swap between each mode if you click two
you'll see you can select an edge pretty
cool right if you hold shift you can
select multiple edges now let's hit
three and try moving around a face if we
click and hit G we can move around each
face on our Cube cool right so now you
know how to move around any part of your
object you're already starting to see
your blender skills improve so imagine
how far you'll get if you watch this
video Until the End let's keep going all
right so now that you know the basics of
object mode and edit mode in blender
it's time to make our first asset we're
going to create a low poly tree and when
we finish this up I'm going to show you
how to import it into any game or
project you're making on Roblox so next
step is we're going to hit tab to go
back to object mode after that click on
the cube in its weird shape that we just
turned it into and we're going to delete
it so click X and then click delete and
that'll delete your Cube now we're going
to add a new object and this time we're
not going to add a cube we're going to
add in a cylinder so that we can make
the base of our tree hit shift a and
then go down to mesh and then choose
cylinder now do not click anywhere else
this is very important because we have a
menu down here that will allow us to
make this more simple and remove the
amount of polygons that it has you'll
notice it has a lot of Faces by default
and that's not going to look right on a
low poly tree so you can click this drop
down and then go to the vertices and
choose the amount that you want so I'm
going to turn it down to 10 vertices
that'll give us a nice well-rounded low
poly tree that kind of shows the
polygons but also has a bit of detail to
it as well now hit Tab and go back into
edit mode from there click three on your
keyboard to go into face select mode
then hit s and hit G and then Z let's
move that down a little bit now we're
going to extrude this this is basically
going to extend it out click e to
extrude move your mouse Up Click to
confirm and there you go you just
extruded the part of your trunk now
we're going to hit s to scale and then
we're just going to extrude this one
last time hit e to extrude and then s to
scale there we go let's hit tab to kind
of look at
this and it's looking pretty cool right
now something we can do is we can go to
Edge select mode by clicking two and
then we can click shift Z on our
keyboard this will let us go into x-ray
mode which is a way to see through our
object and select through our object so
I'll show you what that means right now
click and drag a box around one of these
little circles in the trunk of our tree
and now if you hit G you're going to be
able to move around different parts of
the tree you might want to add a little
bit of kind of movement and maybe a
little bit of rotation as well to vary
your tree a bit and make it look a bit
more natural but you don't have to do
this it's just a stylistic touch I
personally want to add so click R to
rotate that and there we go looking a
lot better so now I'm going to go down
to the bottom here I'm going to select
this I'm going to click R again and
there we go so it's looking it's looking
more natural on the trunk I'm actually
going to go to the side panel here
you'll see we have a lot of different
tools down here I'm going to go down to
the smooth tool I'm going to press and
hold and I'm going to drag to randomize
you can actually randomize your vertices
a little bit with
[Music]
this which can make it even more
varied you'll only want to do a little
bit you'll see if you do too much it's
going to screw everything up so be very
careful with this just a super subtle
touch to add to your tree yeah so it
doesn't look perfect but I think that's
that's okay so one thing we can do
before we move on to making the branches
and the leaves in a second here is we
can move around these segments of the
trunk and choose where we want them to
be so you can do this by clicking G
twice so click
gg gg and there we go now you can kind
of slide these edges along the trunk
which is really neat if you ask me all
right finally let's make some simple
branches so go ahead and click e to
extrude on the top here and there we go
now we're going to do shift Z click two
to use Edge select and then drag over
this so we do run into Kind of a Funny
issue here when we extrude this right
because now what do you do to make the
next Branch well we just do this we just
select this and then you can click
extrude you'll want to select this but
don't extrude straight out from it the
reason is that it's going to be kind of
a lops Ed it's not going to look exactly
how you want so the way to fix this is
to duplicate these edges instead click
shift d and then go up a little bit or
down and just click then rotate it into
the position you want the branch to
start from maybe scale it a bit too and
then after you're ready click e to
extrude it outward now it's going to be
nice and uniform and it's going to look
how you want rather than being all
lopsided you'll notice that at the edge
of this the face isn't going to show up
this is because what we extruded from
only had edges it didn't have a face
made there's a simple fix for this click
F on your keyboard and you can turn it
into a face instantly problem solve but
it isn't actually necessary to have a
face there you can do it if you want but
in general in 3D modeling we want to
have as few faces as possible so I would
delete that I'd even delete this one so
you can click X and then only delete the
face I'd also do that on the bottom of
your tree as well cool so make a few
more branches and then we'll move on to
making the Lea
so we can go ahead and duplicate this go
ahead and go into face select hit shift
Z to go into x-ray mode and select the
middle of this to select all the faces
from there we'll want to click shift d
and then rotate it on the z-axis and
we'll want to look at this straight on
from the very top of our object to
position it so you can go up here to
actually change the position to look
straight down directly at the object by
clicking this you can click the top z-a
bubble here and there you go and we can
position that nicely in there then from
there we'll rotate just a little bit on
the
x-axis and maybe on the Z we'll put it
we'll kind of put this over
[Music]
here make it look nice and
balanced there we go so this will work
for demonstration purposes you can add
as many branches as you want you can
make this however you like you can even
add subdivisions to these branches by
clicking controlr or command r on Mac
and then clicking and you can scroll up
and down to change the amount of
subdivisions and these will kind of make
a split inside of your branch and you
can kind of make the branches a bit more
bent which is neat it gives a good look
but not what I'm going for I want to
keep things simple for what I'm doing
here all right so the final step since
we we were doing some extruding on some
edges it's very important that you make
sure that your normals are correct this
is something you're going to have to do
a lot in 3D modeling your normals are
basically which way the faces are
pointing so the funny thing about 3D
modeling you're going to find is that
sometimes you'll make an asset you'll
import it into studio and it will look
weird the faces will be reversed and
it'll be kind of see-through it's really
weird but it's easy to prevent this so
the first thing we want to do is we want
to change our view so that we can see
which way the normals are pointing so go
up to this drop down right here choose
face orientation and you'll see that
some of these normals are pointed the
wrong way because we extruded out from
some edges rather than faces so the
normals didn't really know which way to
point and they went the opposite way so
if we were to import this into Roblox
Studio as you can see on screen
everything will be reversed and it won't
look how you want keep this in mind when
you're 3D modeling always make make sure
that you check your face orientation
before you export and recalculate
normals if needed so just click a and
then click alt n or option n on Mac and
go ahead and choose recalculate outside
and you'll see that your normals will be
made how you want them now it might not
always be that simple you might need to
use some of these other options
sometimes you can watch other videos on
that if need be but usually recalculate
outside is going to have your back all
right I'm going to show you how to make
make your leaves so click shift a let's
add in an icosphere as it says in
blender it's a spherical mesh that
contains equally sized triangles
basically it looks nice and low poly of
course down here in the corner menu if
you don't click away you will see the
subdivisions option you can change how
many subdivisions you want it's very
neat so I'm going to do two leave it at
the default you could even increase it
if you want and I'm just going to move
it up here right hit G kind of move it
around hit s to scale and this is the
fun part right this is exciting because
you get to move around these leaves and
make them how you want you can hit shift
d to
duplicate and S to scale looking cool
right
well I think this is looking a bit too
tall I mean height is good I'm 6ot I
like having height but for a tree
sometimes it's not so good so let's
let's move this
down here we
go all right much better this isn't the
Savannah we don't have giraffes eating
out of these trees so we're all good so
now you might be wondering how do you
kind of make these a little bit more
deformed or you might like the style
they look in right now right it's up to
you you have the creative freedom here
to choose how you want your tree to look
but I'm definitely going to kind of
adjust these so I'm going to click three
to go to face select I'm I'm going to
click o on my keyboard to do
proportional edit mode and you're going
to love this so if you click G in
proportional edit mode it will actually
move vertices around what you have
selected with it it's really cool it's
nice for making things like clouds and
bushes and trees like what we're
creating right now and there's even more
use cases for it and you'll figure them
out as you use blender more so if you
click G you'll see this circle right and
that shows kind of the a that it's going
to affect around it so just scroll up
and it's going to allow you to grab more
of it
okay and adjust more of it at a time
Isn't that cool so now we'll kind of
grab another face down
here and something you might want to do
is you might want to combine these if
you go back into object mode by clicking
tab you can actually hold shift and
select all of these and then click
command J on your keyboard to join them
all together cool right in object mode
something I didn't show you yet is
modifiers these let you add modifiers to
your object which kind of manipulate how
the objects look go into the modifiers
panel and you're going to be really
excited when you see what this does okay
so go ahead and click add modifier and
then go down to remesh you'll see this
kind of combines them together it's a
bit too high poly right now so we're
going to turn up the voxal size and this
kind of makes this blob right is it
isn't that neat now of course you're
going to want to adjust this inside of
edit mode in a second here but man isn't
that neat how it does that so yeah you
can mess with these settings do
adaptivity you can also do smooth
shading right here if you want I'm going
to show you how to do that manually
afterwards so I wouldn't choose that
option but it's up to you yeah there's
other options too right there's sharp
and you'll see some of these kind of
adjust our normals in a way we don't
want avoid using those or make sure that
it isn't doing that smooth is kind of
cool blocks
you making a Minecraft type game well
this is the one for you huh oh no I turn
that up too high I'm going to freeze my
computer
huh I turned it up way too high
whoa well that's what the M4 Max does on
the new Mac so if you if you want a
powerful computer I guess go for that oh
crap now it's now it's doing it again
cuz I'm leaving edit mode all right be
careful with what you do in blender
especially if your computer is not an M4
Max which most are not at that level be
very careful what you do because you can
crash your computer with very high GPU
load operations like that okay so I'm
definitely going
to turn that down we're going to go to
voxel so voxel looks good to me and
we'll just yeah put it on a amount that
you like and then we'll start adjusting
it within edit mode and see what happens
all right so after you like the way that
it looks you can apply a modifier and
make it permanent by clicking command a
while having the modifier selected so
select the modifier click command a and
there you go I also added a triangulate
modifier makes it look a little bit
better so I'll also apply that it's in
generate
triangulate now what I'm going to do I'm
going to fix some of the abnormalities
I'm going to click M to merge some of
these vertices so you can just select
them click M to merge and it'll be good
to go so now we're going to mess with
shade smooth as promised you earlier you
can rightclick and you can click shade
smooth to shade it smooth but we're
actually not going to do that we're
going to use Auto smooth kind of lets
you adjust how smooth it is so that may
look better if you didn't end up doing
what we just did which was add that
modifier on you can see how that kind of
adds a nice effect so the auto smooth
wasn't quite looking how I want so I'm
actually going to make it shade smooth
and I'm going to do custom sharp edges
so this is something you can also do if
you did the voxal modifier
so I'm going to go into edit mode I'm
just going to select some edges here and
then click contr e and click Mark Sharp
that'll go ahead and make that edge
sharp and there we go so you can kind of
add in some of your own sharp edges kind
of add that nice stylistic touch to it
but of course you might be thinking well
I really just want a super low poly tree
I want that super low poly look and you
might not even be doing any kind of
smoothing at all and that's okay you can
just skip this section and go to the
part where we start texturing this all
right cool so the final thing I want to
do is I would like to kind of smooth out
our trunk so let's just shade Auto
smooth turn it down turn it up see how
it looks there we go and it looks good
at about that amount so we've done quite
a bit here right and I'm sure that it's
exciting to have just modeled your very
first thing in blender congratulations
now it's time to texture it and then
we'll be exporting it into Roblox Studio
imagine how cool it will be to see it in
your game or your project you'll be able
to use it you'll be able to place these
trees all over the place and make apps
out of it let's go all right now I'm
going to share with you how to texture
your model and then we're going to
import it into Roblox Studios so you can
put it in your game or project before we
do that though I got to explain
something to you when you model
something in blender you can choose
whether you want to just export it as is
right with these two separate parts and
then color it in Roblox Studio like you
would with normal parts and or you can
decide if you want to texture the model
in blender so if you're going to color
it in Roblox Studio I recommend
exporting this as separate parts so that
you can color each thing individually
but if you're going to texture it in
blender I actually recommend that you
join the two together so first make sure
that you apply any modifiers that you
have on your objects so that they don't
apply to the whole thing when you join
them together so just go select and then
check your modifiers panel and click
command a on any of them that need to be
applied so all mine are applied now I'm
going to select both of these click
command J and bang there we go now that
we've done that it's all one model the
next step is to go to UV editing mode in
blender now we're going to kind of turn
our viewport around so we can see this
right so this panel will basically show
you how you're going to map the texture
onto your model there's a lot of
different ways to do this and I'm going
to show you a really basic way today but
you can look into this in other videos
to learn more about how to texture your
models in more advanced and different
way so go to the description you got to
download a color palette that we're
going to use to color our model you
don't have to use one of these but it's
a good way to get colors it's popular
and it even has gradients so if you want
it to be textured as gradients I know
that row Builder likes to use that style
a lot you can do that I'm just going to
leave mine pretty much as just solid
colors but useful to have this color
palette as it works out really nicely so
we're going to use this up here to kind
of select the view by which we want to
UV unwrap this so it looks like my
model's kind of flipped so that's not
right I'm going to click shift Z and I'm
just going to hit RX 180 and that'll
flip it around okay so that's a cool
thing about blender I didn't tell you
earlier is that you can actually not
only rotate objects and rotate them on a
specific axis you can also choose the
amount of degrees by which you rotate
that object so again I clicked RX and
then
180° just by typing 180 on my keyboard
cool right so something to keep in mind
there by the way you hold shift and
middle Mouse button you can move kind of
more horizontally and vertically rather
than than looking around the entire
object in every different direction all
right the first step to texture our mesh
is to select it and then go down to the
materials menu then click
new then we're going to click this
yellow dot here and change the base
color to an image texture from there
just open and then grab the file that
you just downloaded from the description
and as a reminder just go to the
description and download that file and
you'll be able to insert it into blender
so go ahead and open that up now we're
going to press tab to enter edit mode
from there you'll see the texture
actually populate over here now the next
step is to UV unwrap our model which is
going to place the faces that we select
in our mesh onto the UV unwrapping area
so that we can start to map out where we
want our textures to go on the mesh I'll
show you how right now and one thing I
forgot to do is to go into the mode
where we can see our textures to change
the shading of the viewport so change it
to show the material that's this third
option right here and there we go you
might have to extend this out so that
you can actually see these options up
here all right so we're going to select
the trunk here so just go in here and
use the face select mode to select just
the trunk you can do that by box
selecting these little circles and then
if you accidentally select part of the
tree just hold shift and click on that
face to deselect it once you have only
the trunk selected we're going to click
U on our keyboard and then choose
project from view that's going to un
wrap just the trunk onto our UV editing
screen so then from there you can go
ahead and move this around with the
normal blender controls I'm going to
place this right here on a nice brown
color make it really small so it's just
a solid color and not a gradient next
we're going to select the tree leaves
and you might be thinking Ah that's
going to be hard what if I select the
trunk on accident while I'm doing it
well you're in luck because you can
simply click control I or command ey on
Mac in order to select inverse which
basically means select everything that
is not already selected so we're going
to go ahead and scale this down and
place it on the green I'm going to place
it right here kind of on a little bit of
a light green just make it extremely
small so there's no gradient right
because we don't want to pick up this
gradient unless you want that style
right and that's the cool thing about
this texture that we are using it gives
you choice so if you want to see your
tree in action make sure to turn off
wireframe mode so we can actually look
at it in the viewport and man isn't that
a beauty that is a beautiful looking
tree man oh my goodness fix some of
these vertices sticking out all right
let's see
here because this is your first model
and it looks great I know this looks
better than my first low poly tree so
congratulations on making your first
model it is time to export it so let's
go back to the normal modeling tab right
up here and then let's make sure that
everything looks right and that the
normals are correct so that again as I
told you earlier so that the normals
aren't flipped so go ahead up here into
the viewport overlays menu to check on
that and it looks good on my end but if
you have any red right you'll just want
to go into edit mode click a and then
click altn or option n on Mac to then
recalculate outside right and if part of
it turns red when you do that you'll
just want to kind of select the part
that needs to be fixed and you can go
ahead and make sure that each part of it
is correct all right let's export this
bad boy so click file export and then
choose fbx you can also export as obj
I'll explain to you these file types in
just a moment so as you're opening up
your file menu and saving your awesome
model that you just created you want to
keep in mind a few settings every time
you export from blender so first is
limit to selected objects so you'll see
that you can actually still select
things while you have the file explorer
open here and the cool thing is we can
actually only export things that are
selected so say that you're working on a
full-on low poly model Pack full of all
the models you're going to use in the
simulator you want to create you can
select certain ones within your blender
file that you would like to export to
Roblox Studio rather than selecting
everything all at once all right next
thing to keep in mind is the file type
there's two file types that people who
model on Roblox
typically use when they export assets to
Roblox Studio the first one's obj obj is
a lot more simplistic doesn't really
allow you to export Textures in the same
way and it's a lot more limited fpx on
the other hand is the one that I prefer
to use if you're exporting a model that
you have textured in blender it'll
export them with the file everything
will import perfectly and it just works
a lot better in my opinion also a key
difference to understand is that obj
files will export everything combined
and will all import into Roblox Studio
as one object which is not very useful
if you're exporting say an entire pack
of models if you want everything to be
separate it is important that you use
fbx when you export models all right
there you go now you know most of what
you need to keep in mind for exporting
things from blender to Roblox studio so
make sure your file is in a good
location and click export fpx all right
next go to Roblox Studio you want to
make sure that you publish your project
to Roblox so go ahead and hit file
publish and then I'll just name this
blender test all right from there we're
going to go to view and then make sure
that you have asset manager open then
just click this bulk import button right
here go to your
file open it and then it'll give you
three options right here I would leave
these two on I would leave this
unchecked 99% of the time but you can
keep this in mind if you want to import
an fbx file as one mesh which sometimes
you might want to do that all right
click apply all right awesome now that
you've done that it should show up right
here and you will be able to add it into
your game isn't that amazing so that's
your first model good work today in
creating that imagine taking this tree
and using it to create an entire map
with a beautiful landscape and anything
else you can imagine and now that you've
watched this guide to the end and
created this asset you're now a modeler
with blender skills you have gone from
zero to blender hero you've learned the
inter face mastered the essential
shortcuts created a custom asset
textured it and imported it into Roblox
now that you know the basics of blender
you can experiment the sky the limit and
there's tons of tutorials out there that
you can use to learn how to make
anything you want in any style so I
can't wait to see how far you go in your
journey as a modeler think about how
much further you can go now that you
have this skill subscribe now to get
more Roblox game development tutorials
modeling tutorials and more all the time
and click the video on screen to learn
some advice that will help you to master
your Roblox building and modeling skills
even further and by the way you can join
scripting Secrets below my course on
Roblox game development scripting and
more that will help you to expand on
your abilities in development see you
later